[Docs] Message Queue example in Go (#9862)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/cookbooks-message-queue.md

Result result = client.subscribe(topic, subscription, consumerConfig, consumer);
```

## Go clients

> Here's an example Go consumer configuration that uses a shared subscription:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a Go consumer configuration that uses a shared subscription:
```

> Here's an example Go consumer configuration that uses a shared subscription:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a Go consumer configuration that uses a shared subscription:
```

```go
import "github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pulsar"

client, err := pulsar.NewClient(pulsar.ClientOptions{
    URL: "pulsar://localhost:6650",
})
if err != nil {
    log.Fatal(err)
}
consumer, err := client.Subscribe(pulsar.ConsumerOptions{

>     Topic:             "persistent://public/defaultmq-topic-1",

Reviewer 2: I believe this line needs an additional forward slash after default.

```suggestion
    Topic:             "persistent://public/default/mq-topic-1",
```
